remove stablecoin terminology when describing OHM (#102)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: basics/basics.md

## Why do we need OlympusDAO in the first place?

Dollar-pegged stablecoins have become an essential part of crypto due to their
lack of volatility as compared to tokens such as Bitcoin and Ether. Users are
comfortable with transacting using stablecoins knowing that they hold the same
amount of purchasing power today vs. tomorrow. But this is a fallacy. The dollar
is controlled by the US government and the Federal Reserve. This means a
depreciation of dollar also means a depreciation of these stablecoins.

> OlympusDAO aims to solve this by creating a backed free floating reserve

Author: Changed it to this. 

```
backed free floating reserve currency
```

> OlympusDAO aims to solve this by creating a backed free floating reserve
> currency called OHM. By focusing on supply growth rather than price

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OlympusDAO aims to solve this by creating a free-floating reserve currency, OHM,
that is backed by a basket of assets. By focusing on supply growth rather than price
```

Reviewer: Emphasize that it is backed by a basket of assets
